Replit Build Handoff and Continuation Guide
Purpose
This document is the operating handoff for continuing the booking platform build in Replit or a replacement account. It defines the current repository state, engineering expectations, checkpoint rules, GitHub synchronization requirements, usage-limit protections, and the next product scope.

The primary goals are to preserve working code, prevent accidental data or history loss, keep provider-private information private, and ensure every stable checkpoint can be continued by a new account or agent without relying on conversation history.

Current checkpoint
Current feature: eligible completed-booking reviews.

Current synchronized commit: 4d717abfe3a0dc179c977f3ec5e918ccd5d1bab7.

Local main: synchronized with origin/main.

Ahead/behind: 0 / 0.

Working tree: clean.

No suspicious files, uploaded handoff files, prompt files, secrets, or unrelated changes are present in the synchronized range.

The next scoped product feature is minimal client-safe care history.

Completed functionality
Client cancellation
Cancellation confirmation exists on web booking list and detail screens.

Cancellation confirmation exists on mobile booking list and detail screens.

Cancellation is available only for requested, confirmed, and rescheduled bookings.

Duplicate submissions are blocked while cancellation is in progress.

Successful cancellation provides clear feedback and refreshes booking data.

Stale or concurrent updates return safe handling for HTTP 409.

Validation, permission, and generic failures are handled for HTTP 400, 403, and other failures.

Existing provider cancellation behavior and notifications remain unchanged.

Booking freshness and notifications
Web booking list and detail refresh on mount, window focus, and reconnect.

Mobile booking list and detail refresh on mount, screen focus, app resume, and reconnect.

Client-facing feedback exists for confirmation, rescheduling, provider cancellation, and completion.

Existing Expo push-token registration is enabled for authenticated clients while provider notifications are preserved.

Reviews
Booking-scoped review lookup exists at GET /reviews/booking/:bookingId.

Review creation is limited to completed bookings.

Review creation enforces client ownership and role permissions.

Ratings accept only values from 1 through 5.

Comments are limited to 1,000 characters.

Duplicate review attempts are safely handled with HTTP 409.

Provider rating and count updates remain transactional.

Web and mobile forms include star controls, inline validation, loading protection, duplicate-submit protection, post-submit cache refresh, and existing-review display.

Provider-private careNotes remain hidden from clients.

Verification baseline
The following checks passed for the completed checkpoints:

Web typecheck.

Mobile typecheck.

Full workspace or production build.

63 booking state-machine tests.

16 booking concurrency and integration tests.

7 review integration tests.

Web and mobile workflow verification.

Web and mobile 390px previews.

Repeat all relevant checks after changes. Add focused tests for every new authorization, privacy, concurrency, or state-transition behavior.

Immediate next feature
Implement minimal client-safe care history.

In scope
A client can view their own relevant booking history.

History can show client-visible dates, provider identity, service information, booking status, and approved client-visible summaries.

Current and historical bookings are clearly separated where useful.

Web and mobile provide loading, empty, error, and refresh states.

Server-side ownership and authorization checks are mandatory.

History is paginated or bounded if the existing data volume requires it.

Existing booking, cancellation, freshness, notification, and review behavior remains unchanged.

Out of scope
Provider-private careNotes.

Admin views.

New clinical-record functionality.

Payments or Stripe.

New review workflows.

Unnecessary database schema changes.

Unnecessary OpenAPI changes.

Provider workflow redesign.

Acceptance criteria
A client can view only their own care history.

Provider-private notes never appear in client API responses, serialized objects, logs, or UI.

Unauthorized users receive safe denial behavior.

The existing booking and authorization model remains the source of truth.

Web and mobile behavior is consistent.

Existing cancellation and review protections continue to pass.

Focused care-history tests cover ownership, permissions, privacy, empty history, loading/error behavior, and bounded or paginated results.

Web typecheck, mobile typecheck, full build, booking tests, concurrency tests, review tests, and focused care-history tests pass.

390px web and mobile previews are checked.

Engineering best practices
Inspect the existing architecture before editing files.

Reuse existing API clients, query keys, cache invalidation, authorization helpers, UI components, and notification mechanisms.

Keep server-owned booking state authoritative; do not duplicate the state machine in the client.

Prefer small, reversible changes over broad refactors.

Keep web and mobile implementations behaviorally consistent while respecting platform conventions.

Validate authorization on the server even when the UI hides an action.

Treat privacy boundaries as API boundaries, not only UI boundaries.

Do not log private notes, tokens, credentials, or sensitive user data.

Preserve existing public contracts unless a change is necessary and documented.

Add or update tests with the implementation, not afterward.

Keep commits focused and descriptive.

Do not combine unrelated product areas in one checkpoint.

Checkpoint and push policy
Create a checkpoint when a coherent unit is implemented and verified. Push stable checkpoints to GitHub as updates are created, but only through normal non-force pushes.

A checkpoint is push-eligible only when all of the following are true:

The change is limited to the active scoped feature.

Relevant typechecks, tests, builds, and previews pass.

The working tree contains no unintended changes.

The commit contains no secrets, credentials, prompt files, uploaded handoff files, temporary exports, or unrelated assets.

The remote branch has been fetched and inspected.

The push will not require force-push, reset, rebase of published history, or history rewriting.

.agents/LOG.md records the change, verification, limitations, and next step.

Setup and continuation documentation is current.

When these conditions pass:

Review the diff and commit contents.

Run the relevant verification commands.

Commit the focused checkpoint.

Fetch origin/main.

Confirm there is no unexpected remote divergence.

Push normally to origin/main.

Confirm local HEAD equals origin/main.

Confirm ahead/behind is 0 / 0.

Confirm the working tree is clean.

Record the final commit hash in the log.

Never force-push. Never overwrite remote work. Never push secrets. Never push uploaded handoff files or copied prompts.

If authentication or the managed GitHub worker fails:

Do not retry invalid credentials repeatedly.

Do not modify application code to work around the failure.

Do not rewrite history.

Preserve the local commit.

Report the exact local commit, remote commit, ahead/behind status, and failure.

Keep the working tree clean where possible.

Resume with a normal push after GitHub integration is restored.

Usage-limit protection
Before starting a broad task, assess whether remaining account, tool, build, or agent usage is sufficient to implement, verify, document, and synchronize one coherent checkpoint.

If usage may run out before the checkpoint can be completed:

Do not start another feature.

Finish the smallest safe unit of work.

Avoid optional refactors and cleanup.

Run the highest-value tests first.

Save implementation notes and exact next steps.

Commit only if the push gate passes.

Otherwise leave changes local and clearly report their state.

Stop before the usage limit is exhausted.

Priority order when usage is constrained:

Preserve working application code.

Prevent privacy or authorization regressions.

Run focused verification.

Document repository state.

Synchronize a clean checkpoint if possible.

Defer optional improvements.

New-account continuation package
Maintain these files as appropriate:

README.md — installation, development, testing, build, and deployment instructions.

.env.example — environment-variable names and safe placeholders only.

.agents/LOG.md — chronological checkpoint history.

.agents/SETUP.md — new-account and service-connection instructions.

.agents/NEXT_TASK.md — current task, acceptance criteria, and exclusions.

.agents/KNOWN_ISSUES.md — blockers, failed integrations, and unresolved decisions.

The package must document:

Required runtime, package manager, and tool versions.

Install, development, typecheck, test, build, and preview commands.

Required external services and how to reconnect them.

Environment-variable names without real values.

Database and migration prerequisites without credentials.

Authentication and authorization assumptions.

Current branch, commit, remote, and synchronization status.

Completed features and verification results.

Known issues and blocked integrations.

Files that must remain untracked or ignored.

The exact next task and its acceptance criteria.

Recovery and rollback guidance.

Never place real credentials, access tokens, private keys, database passwords, personal data, uploaded prompts, or conversation transcripts in the continuation package.

Environment placeholder policy
Use names only in .env.example, for example:

text
DATABASE_URL=<configure-in-new-account>
AUTH_SECRET=<configure-in-new-account>
EXPO_PUBLIC_API_URL=<configure-in-new-account>
STRIPE_SECRET_KEY=<configure-only-if-enabled-later>
GITHUB_TOKEN=<configure-through-supported-integration>
Do not create fake production values. Do not commit local .env files.

Required checkpoint report
At the end of every checkpoint, report:

What changed.

What did not change.

Tests, builds, and previews completed.

Current commit hash.

Remote commit hash.

Ahead/behind status.

Working-tree status.

Whether the checkpoint was pushed.

Remaining blockers.

Exact next task.

Whether a new account can continue using the setup package.

Do not start the next product feature until the current checkpoint is either pushed successfully or explicitly marked as a local, safely recoverable checkpoint.

Stop conditions
Stop implementation and request review when:

A schema migration appears necessary but was not planned.

A change could expose provider-private data.

A permission rule is ambiguous.

The remote branch has unexpected commits or divergence.

A push would require force-push or history rewrite.

Tests reveal a state-machine or concurrency regression.

The managed GitHub worker or credential flow fails.

Usage limits may prevent a complete checkpoint.

The requested work expands beyond the current scope.

Next-task handoff
Start with repository inspection and identify the existing booking-history endpoints, authorization helpers, query/cache patterns, and privacy boundaries. Then implement only the minimal client-safe care-history slice, with focused tests and web/mobile UI verification. Finish by updating the logs and setup package, committing one focused checkpoint, pushing normally, and confirming local and remote synchronization at 0 / 0.